docs(tracer): include environment variables (#2922)
awslabs/aws-lambda-powertools-python: docs/core/tracer.md

Reviewer: could you add them under a new subsection `Environment variables`, please? 

It'll make it easier for customers to link to that section, and elsewhere in the docs. We could then follow this structure for anything else we missed :-)

!!! note "Tracer relies on AWS X-Ray SDK over [OpenTelememetry Distro (ADOT)](https://aws-otel.github.io/docs/getting-started/lambda){target="_blank" rel="nofollow"} for optimal cold start (lower latency)."

Tracer uses the following environment variables to globally set its configuration:

| Setting               | Description                                      | Environment variable                 | Default |
|-----------------------|--------------------------------------------------|--------------------------------------|---------|
| **Disable Tracing**   | Explicitly disables all tracing.                 | `POWERTOOLS_TRACE_DISABLED`          | `false` |
| **Response Capture**  | Captures Lambda or method return as metadata.    | `POWERTOOLS_TRACER_CAPTURE_RESPONSE` | `true`  |
| **Exception Capture** | Captures Lambda or method exception as metadata. | `POWERTOOLS_TRACER_CAPTURE_ERROR`    | `true`  |

> Both `POWERTOOLS_TRACER_CAPTURE_RESPONSE` and `POWERTOOLS_TRACER_CAPTURE_ERROR` can be set on a per-method basis (see [Advanced](#advanced)), overriding the environment variable value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Both [`POWERTOOLS_TRACER_CAPTURE_RESPONSE`](#disabling-response-auto-capture) and [`POWERTOOLS_TRACER_CAPTURE_ERROR`](#disabling-exception-auto-capture) can be set on a per-method basis, consequently overriding the environment variable value.
```

Adding link to each specific section to improve the experience ;-)
